c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\Imenik.exe.config
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\Imenik.exe
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\Imenik.pdb
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\Ljudje.dll
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\Ljudje.pdb
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\Ljudje.dll.config
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.ImenikForm.resources
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.exe
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.pdb
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.DodajOsebo.resources
c:\users\theph\onedrive\dokumenti\visual studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.UrediOsebo.resources
C:\Users\theph\OneDrive\Dokumenti\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.IzbrisiOsebo.resources
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\Imenik.exe.config
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\Imenik.exe
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\Imenik.pdb
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\Ljudje.dll
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\Ljudje.pdb
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\Ljudje.dll.config
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.DodajOsebo.resources
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.ImenikForm.resources
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.IzbrisiOsebo.resources
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.UrediOsebo.resources
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.exe
C:\Users\strop\Downloads\Projects\Imenik\Imenik\obj\Debug\Imenik.pdb
